Samantha Scott: Okay, cool.
Samantha Scott: Let me turn my volume up one second.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Samantha Scott: Okay, now I can see you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright so happy Friday to you.
Samantha Scott: Happy Friday.
Samantha Scott: I think many of my zoom set up better.
Samantha Scott: But I can't get the light right in here. It looks dark. Oh, well, I'll work on a more
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're I think you told me that this was a phone, um,
Samantha Scott: No, I started on a phone. This is my laptop.
Samantha Scott: I think my phone was probably better picture than my laptop actually
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know if I've seen both, but both of them.
Samantha Scott: grainy.
Gwenevere Abriel: They both. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you think
Samantha Scott: I don't
Samantha Scott: I don't know i mean it's it's it's always dark in here, but now I've got like a lamp right here, a lamp right here, a lamp right there menu, Mexico, all the windows are open.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it possible that the the where the camera is that it has like smooch like like a fingerprint. Awesome. It's just Michie
Samantha Scott: That looks better. Hold on.
Samantha Scott: I think that looks a little bit better. I still need better lighting, though.
Samantha Scott: But yeah, that was definitely a little bit of it, I think. Good call.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, your screens frozen some waiting for it to unfreeze okay
Samantha Scott: That that may have done.
Gwenevere Abriel: Done a little
Gwenevere Abriel: There's definitely something unique and I'm not quite sure what it is because typically
Samantha Scott: I can see, you know, what am I had
Samantha Scott: Last time, our last group, the last 10 minutes it was all this like weird slow down sounding thing like for a second. I was like, am I going crazy. And then I realized. No, it's just that I'm hearing everything everybody's saying it's just more slow down.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're okay well let's
Gwenevere Abriel: Just keep our eye on your video. There is something distinctly kind of grainy about it. I don't know if it's just the
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know enough about
Samantha Scott: It. I don't know. I'm working on it. I wanted to be better because I got it. I'm gonna have to use this for other
Samantha Scott: Purposes. I'm sure at some point.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're I think you're going to benefit more from what it's like to sort of be in contact with
Gwenevere Abriel: And when the
Gwenevere Abriel: Little bit crisper. Now I don't know if I come across really hear
Gwenevere Abriel: You okay, good. Okay, good. Alright, so let's let's let's turn away from our technology since it's not something we can take action on right now and let's go to if you want. You said you've kind of had on your mind, quite a bit what's been on your mind.
Samantha Scott: Well, I just, I mean, I've been thinking about like what. Well, we talked a lot about my mom, um, last time, but like a lot of the I feel like some of the stuff that maybe I talked to you about before, or just that I've thought about before has been like clicking into place like this morning.
Samantha Scott: I told you, our car got stolen or I don't know if I did, but our car got stolen, um, we've had a rental car.
Samantha Scott: A rock fell off of a truck and hit the rental car so global a blog. He's on the phone. This morning kind of being aggressive with the people that the insurance people, which tend to be effective.
Samantha Scott: And he's good at doing it without being, you know, going over the line or whatever. But when he does this, it always affects me you know because I've heard that same kind of tones and it's like when I hear those tones. It just affects me and
Samantha Scott: For years I've wanted to be less affected by it and then this morning I was laying there and I was getting into that thought process of like this was like 815 or 828 or something.
Samantha Scott: And I was barely waking up and I heard him being aggressive on the phone and but I realized what he was doing. I was like, Okay, this is what he needs to do this guy's not calling him back, you know, blah, blah, blah. It's
Samantha Scott: It's good. And then I was like, You know what, this is his deal. This has nothing to do with me.
Samantha Scott: And I, I don't need to be upset by it.
Samantha Scott: pretty major. I mean, I still felt upset by it. But the fact that I could even say to myself, this has nothing to do with you and
Samantha Scott: There are going to be times when people are going to be around you, and they're going to raise their voice and they're going to raise their voice for good reason. That has nothing to do with you and I'm tired of being like affected by that all the time, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Wow. So the last part is
Gwenevere Abriel: That initial response that sort of hit of, oh, I don't like this that's probably going to be there and I hate to say forever, right, and it may, it may dulled down over time where it's it's more like it's a nuisance, or it's an irritant.
Samantha Scott: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: But the more or you can get into accepting that that initial threat response is going to be there. Based on all those years of association with your mother. It's your relationship to that, in a sense, it's exactly what you did. It's that's not
Samantha Scott: It felt amazing
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, it still feels amazing. Like I feel like I'm like that's like a real
Samantha Scott: Breakthrough and I know it's like the only the beginning of it, but it's like every time I did that is probably like you said, it's going to strengthen the connections.
Samantha Scott: And always not like to hear that up. But as long as I don't internalize that it's so much better because that moment of getting upset is fine. It's the hour lead and a half later than I have to wait to calm down, that's like really
Samantha Scott: You know, hot
Samantha Scott: You also
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Samantha Scott: Yes.
Samantha Scott: That's been huge. I've been doing that a lot of been doing. I mean, not always to the end. I feel like we really made a breakthrough with like all the with the
Samantha Scott: I mean I feel like this is all connected like we've talked before about the the Peter Levine, the somatic the like trauma vortexes and stuff.
Samantha Scott: I'm really into that and I've always felt like all my sort of shoulder and like weird pain. It's about like how I hold myself and it's been like this for 10 years just like it tends to center like right here and
Samantha Scott: I don't know, I just feel like I'm breathing, you know, I mean, I'm even thinking about like breathing into those spots. You know what I mean, like, and trying to just loosen it up and
Samantha Scott: Like, and we're going to work on getting more exercise. I already have been going on more walks. I'm going to do the cardio in the backyard on the exercise bike.
Samantha Scott: I think that'll well I'm I'm writing, I'm like I said I'm writing a I'm working on my blog have spent on the back burner for a long time and
Samantha Scott: This is kind of the perfect time to work on it because people need content because a lot of people are stepping off and I'm trying to make helpful content, like how to help the homeless. You know how to be safe on things that you can do for free at home to entertain yourself.
Like
Samantha Scott: Yeah, it's good.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's, um, let me turn towards
Gwenevere Abriel: The previous session, I want to look at
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you mentioned
Gwenevere Abriel: You mentioned an author and you mentioned Peter Levine, but then you went into the pony Daigle
Gwenevere Abriel: Which so Peter Levine is primarily a so she's an amazing clinician an author. He, he's the designer of the somatic experiencing techniques somatic x
Or anything
Samantha Scott: I haven't had that
Samantha Scott: Sounds cool
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so, um, it's it's interweaves in the work that you and I are going to do. It's in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: I really do believe
Gwenevere Abriel: That that body does keep the score and there are going to be some profound messages in there. The you're going to hear me use since I didn't get trained with Peter Levine, you're going to hear me using somatic transformation.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because that is more
Gwenevere Abriel: It's from this woman up in Seattle. So you're going to hear more of
Samantha Scott: Her general idea. Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the same thing. Stephen gorgeous is the author of the poly bagel theory. He's the one that discovered the dorsal eventual Vegas nerve that indeed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is a mile a native version of it that's attached to our facial muscles.
Samantha Scott: Are I muscle on this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your muscle that is it's my eliminated. It's really key that she here and that is smiling needed because
Gwenevere Abriel: It is our social engagement system. It's the reason why, when you talk with someone and it's the reason why I want you to have really good video but
Gwenevere Abriel: Is because this feels good.
Gwenevere Abriel: When someone that we're socially listens to us contains are difficult emotions we feel heard, known and understood just feels amazing.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the reason it feels so good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because if that ventral
Gwenevere Abriel: Nervous, which is like, I'm like,
Gwenevere Abriel: Wow, that's like that's like so cool that you can describe that in science. It's not just theory anymore and I just love it. So,
Samantha Scott: That's pretty cool stuff. I bet I made a ton of people are probably having poly vago withdrawal right now. You know, I mean, I mean, I guess the people who are on zoom or like, you know, getting some of it, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, this is rough, you know, if you're if you're not if you're not in a romantic relationship or you're living with someone, or with kids, or even a pet.
Samantha Scott: This is what I mean. And it's, I'm feeling lucky to have like somebody that I'm with and stuff. But honestly I just feel like I'm not talking like every time I talk to somebody, whether it's like customer service or like it.
Samantha Scott: Just like such a relief to be talking to. But I'm actually making plans for that. Um, I, I talked to one of my friends, my good friends last night on Facebook and and we're going to get together for like weekly, you know, zoom sessions or whatever. So that'll be good.
Samantha Scott: I need more talking than just my husband can provide
Samantha Scott: I know
Gwenevere Abriel: I need a little diversification in the context
Gwenevere Abriel: Of our now i'm so I'm looking, I'm looking at this note wasn't quite yet. It was on the six. It isn't written yet so i don't i don't have it all quoted yet but
Gwenevere Abriel: My recollection is
Gwenevere Abriel: The introducing this notion of gaslighting
Gwenevere Abriel: I wonder where
Gwenevere Abriel: Every part yeah where that landed with maybe how pieces might be starting to come together.
Samantha Scott: Totally. I mean, I like I said, I mean, when I hearing her, you know what, it's hard to like describe all of it without hearing like the whole first of all, like when I
Samantha Scott: When I heard her saying that it's like not like I've never heard anybody say something like that. But the fact that it was the mother connection and
Samantha Scott: The fact that she. I mean, it was so different, because like her mom was like bohemian and like the problems were, you know, I never had any of those kind of problems like where people are partying too late or coming into my room or
Samantha Scott: But I mean I had my own version of that insecurity of not and I mean one of the things I've thought is that, um,
Samantha Scott: This whole thing about like a wanting to control my husband's anger and wanting him to not be angry, I think, is connected to me feeling that it's unsafe to express my opinions and feelings, especially this the intellectual ization thing, you know, and
Samantha Scott: I'm trying to then project what I've internalized as like proper behavior don't show any emotion no vulnerability, blah, blah, blah. On to him. And I think that's in addition to the noise level of it, the trigger. I feel like that's part of, I don't know, I could be wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's take what we did with. We did a lot of sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: Introduction almost like psycho education to watching someone else's experience and you were introduced to maybe feeling validated. Like I yeah there it is. Yeah. Other people around.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you've had an opportunity to apply some of these skills. I'd like to have a kind of day today. That is different.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so today what I'd like to do is start preparation and preparation is in and of itself is an intervention. So, for example, but I'd like to do with you is I want to develop and these are going to feel random, but I'll explain myself. I'll
Gwenevere Abriel: Always explain myself. Whatever you do, I want to develop
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. Brain Stuff, which is a protective figure nurturing figure wise figure a container distancing metaphor in an anchor room. Sometimes it takes 345 sessions to develop that some problem, we'll get to that today.
Samantha Scott: Just FYI. I am not familiar with most of those terms so
Gwenevere Abriel: That's opposed to you that's
Samantha Scott: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's just a shift gears from all of that analysis, you just did, like, this is why I do what I do what I do what I do, I do. And just right brain. We're going to go right brain. Now we're going to use imagination.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Many use. You don't have to pull for memory and knowledge storage from left brain.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're going to be whimsical
Okay.
Samantha Scott: That
Gwenevere Abriel: It's if it's uncomfortable. Then let me know, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, if it's like something else. I'm always interested in whatever the experiences for you so
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll repeat myself, it don't you don't have to know what it is the first time, I'll just keep explaining it until it's like, oh, that's what she's asking for. So what I'd like to do. First I want to develop your resource team and
Gwenevere Abriel: These are real or imagined. And so let me, let me explain. First one is going to be a protective figure. So what I want you to do is think about this ideal of a protective figure. It can be a morphosis of real imagined it can be a blending
Samantha Scott: So for some people want already
Gwenevere Abriel: Fantastic. But is it
Samantha Scott: Detective stabler from as for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: There we go. That's it. Detective stabler okay
Samantha Scott: He's really good looking.
Samantha Scott: Either but
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not the main thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Doesn't doesn't hurt the imagery at all.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nope. It don't. Okay, that's beautiful. And are there any mixed feelings as in, in any given moment would detective stabler not be
Gwenevere Abriel: Protective or does he embodied protective quality like perfectly
Samantha Scott: Perfectly, I think. Yeah.
Samantha Scott: In modern culture.
Gwenevere Abriel: Perfect. We do what I do.
Samantha Scott: Other things you might want somebody else but for your protection.
Samantha Scott: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what we're looking for.
Samantha Scott: Today, and when I say
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's pull up the quality of detective stabler immediately. You're going to go oh yes in here in his presence. I feel safe.
Gwenevere Abriel: He's got my back, my friend, my, my six he's got he's got me. Okay. Beautiful.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right to the next.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nurturing figure this one.
Gwenevere Abriel: wants this one oftentimes
Gwenevere Abriel: This one's a hard one for some people. Okay, this one the figure wants for you, your growth your potential to be reached know ambivalence know I get back in return. It's just pure and simple. Your cheerleader your champion. Yes, this is it. You got this garage. Yes, yes, yes, yes.
Samantha Scott: Oh, and so much harder. I'm
Samantha Scott: Really trying to think
Gwenevere Abriel: real or imagined.
Samantha Scott: Right, it's going to definitely be a match.
Samantha Scott: Time on and just ain't or like fictional but um, let's see.
Samantha Scott: It's weird because I don't know whether like I just naturally think like should I be thinking of a woman, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Why don't you free associate and we can rule them out. See what you don't know about us yet is you can say something and just be so sure and 20 seconds later, you know what, when delete that I got something else you can do that here.
Samantha Scott: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, just take
Samantha Scott: A then
Gwenevere Abriel: You can have. Okay.
Samantha Scott: See, I guess, you know, Dolly Parton
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there a certain song that comes up a certain image that I can summon up if I were
Samantha Scott: Just like I'm
Samantha Scott: Just that smile, you know, and I mean always think about me and Lily, Andy. No, that's real sad one, but she is
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, she does. Okay, so, Dolly Parton and it's a lot embodied in that smile.
Samantha Scott: And that worked. And that, like, just like southern
Samantha Scott: Don't have you ever saw Steel Magnolias but like I have
Samantha Scott: Actually shot in the closest town where I grew up.
Samantha Scott: Close reveal is about, like, an hour outside of negatives, which was that
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah so. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're southern
Gwenevere Abriel: Hospitality encouraged me
Samantha Scott: And like humor and like wanting to
Samantha Scott: She's always really supportive of everyone and she wants them to all be happy. And it's not like yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Never would she say anything negative about anyone. She just asked if she did. It'd be like, oh, she's just cranky and book about right would be
Samantha Scott: Yeah, right.
Samantha Scott: Right, like the true embodiment of like southern hospitality without any of the, you know,
Samantha Scott: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now also make sure that she represents this quality.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of wanting you to reach your potential
Samantha Scott: That didn't work because
Samantha Scott: I saw this thing recently Reese Witherspoon to TV show the first episode, she does with Dolly Parton and she meets up with her and she's like, when they asked me what I wanted to be when I was
Samantha Scott: In kindergarten. I said, Dolly Parton and it was just so warm and like she was like women empowering and I just found out she produced Buffy the Vampire Slayer, which was like where the most feminist. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what's the name of it. Now, this is sort of self serving. What's the name of Reese Witherspoon show
Samantha Scott: Think it's called shine on I've watched all of them. But the first one was her and Dolly Parton and it's just her meeting up with women, she admires and talking to them about why she admires them and who they admire and it's pretty cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: Having nothing like that where you can have any kind of TV show you what like Oprah money like why would be so cool. I would love it. Honestly, I'd love to give people everybody in the audience.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'd be like, I'd be like, here's unconditional love unconditional love. Here's
Samantha Scott: The dream.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the dream. Oh, we gotta let that
Gwenevere Abriel: let that one go. So let's
Samantha Scott: Just
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's just try and get it for you, showing
Samantha Scott: Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, here we go. That was fantastic. Dolly Parton
Samantha Scott: Feels good.
Gwenevere Abriel: And now let's go to a third figure, which is why senior
Samantha Scott: Like what I mean just wise, like how else would you describe
Gwenevere Abriel: Remember that the ultimate goal with this is, it's your team. It's a resource team for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wisdom around you, what would you want it to be.
Samantha Scott: Like right
In kind of thing.
Samantha Scott: See
Samantha Scott: I feel like I'm only pulling from TV.
Samantha Scott: The business show top of the lake and Holly hunters in it. And she's like, really quiet but she's like her character is really quiet but she doesn't bullshit. She speaks in like really
Gwenevere Abriel: Like a
Gwenevere Abriel: network TV show kind of
Samantha Scott: Was like a British TV show, but it has the chick from madman Elisabeth moss on it.
Samantha Scott: And it's like she plays. She's got all gray hair, long, long gray hair no makeup.
Samantha Scott: She's living out
Samantha Scott: But basically, she's all about. She says, pure wisdom and she doesn't bullshit. She's not flowery you know
Samantha Scott: It's real hard to describe. Unless you see it, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think I know it doesn't matter what I think right
Samantha Scott: It's like, but she's, she's wise.
Samantha Scott: But not caught up on my pretense or anything like whatever the most effective way to say something is if that's causing she's gonna cuss if that's you know
Samantha Scott: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, I just tried to look it up to figure out what the show was but you get you picturing her
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of
Samantha Scott: sitting there, smoking a cigarette, like she does in the show saying that's bullshit, or no, you know, or whatever it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: Top of the lake. Is that a thing. Yeah, top, the top of the lake.
Samantha Scott: It looks like Holly Hunter with shocking gray hair she's like from another world, almost
Gwenevere Abriel: But not. Okay. So let me go back to where we are with this, we are at Holly Hunter. And if I were to pull us back. If I'm bringing imagery, it is with long gray.
Gwenevere Abriel: wear your uniform and she is
Gwenevere Abriel: Wise.
Samantha Scott: And spiritual guru you guru kinda but not the usual code.
Gwenevere Abriel: So kind of a snarky guru.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I've got wise Frank spiritual guru.
Samantha Scott: I get it. Yeah, Frank. Totally. That's good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay, okay. But you do get a sense that it's it's not just to diminish to put down it's she's gonna lay out her truth telling us it
Gwenevere Abriel: This is how it is just
Gwenevere Abriel: Straight truth right
Samantha Scott: Right, right. Totally.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you like that idea of being around that kind of honesty. Right.
Samantha Scott: Do I like the idea being around radical honesty, I like the idea of one day being radically honest but
Samantha Scott: I don't know if I'm there yet.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Beautiful. Let's do another one you doing great.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do an emotional container, the instructions on this are also really sparse.
Gwenevere Abriel: capitalizes on this disability of our minds to compartmentalize well I I'm taking that natural aptitude that we do. Maybe some people call it denial or whatever. But I'm going to take it and I may use it deliberately
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's say you and I are doing an emotional activity and you're really activated and it's like, Oh, dear. We only have five minutes to process, what's happening. And it's like, oh, you need
Gwenevere Abriel: 25 minutes. To be fair, we have it and to you, I might say, you know what, Samantha. How would you feel about putting what is going on for you physically, emotionally, spiritually and putting it in this container.
Gwenevere Abriel: And here it is. You're going to design your own container and here are the instructions.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'd like you to think of a container that is
Gwenevere Abriel: Big enough strong enough to hold all your stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: Probably going to be that negative stuff negative
Gwenevere Abriel: Probably wanting that in the box. The other stuff. Who would want to tuck that away that this stuff is probably going to be your emotional your negative emotional stuff. So I want you to get some visualization on how big, what is it, what's the shape, color, is there a lock and
Gwenevere Abriel: How big
Samantha Scott: It's gonna be big. I mean,
Samantha Scott: What do you like African like a stick like us like one of those big steel drums that they like ship a whale in or something.
Gwenevere Abriel: Got you. Me to steal and how will this stuff. Stay in there if you want to put it in there has to get in there and how does it stay
Samantha Scott: There's a hatch. That's like sealed by whatever magic ceiling function.
Samantha Scott: I forget what that's called, but it's put in, put into place and then a master logs put in and spotted
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, Master Lock spun beautiful and you know the isn't a combination
Samantha Scott: Yeah, it's a combination.
Samantha Scott: Yeah.
Samantha Scott: And
Gwenevere Abriel: I am the only one.
Samantha Scott: Can just died. Let me grab
Gwenevere Abriel: A writer without a pen.
Samantha Scott: Well, that's like if you use it. It's got around
Gwenevere Abriel: You
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, here we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of course, now it's
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, a keyboard. All right. Beautiful. Now, oftentimes, and this I'm going to put a little spin on this is oftentimes and I stopped putting this in the front end of the of the invitation is yeah so big enough strong enough.
Gwenevere Abriel: To hold all your stuff. And what is it that's in there that will keep that stuff inside
Samantha Scott: Like, what will keep it in there. This the strength of like the inches of steel and the strength of the hat.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, and the end that is true. And for some people.
Gwenevere Abriel: When I asked that because there was. Notice that I didn't ask it quite like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Came up with this on your own, but actually what's inside that will help it stay what's inside that will make it want to stay
Samantha Scott: Oh, like something that makes it like it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Didn't tell something comes up.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to stay there.
Samantha Scott: Because it's
Samantha Scott: Field with like
Samantha Scott: Projections of fear and pain and like, it's like totally occupied because it's like, this is where, you know, oh yeah, this is great. It's like a sports game for a sports fan or, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes.
Samantha Scott: It's distracted.
Basically
Gwenevere Abriel: That's great.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's do another one. This one is good for same kind of thing, let's say, and I'm going to give you some examples. And then just come up with your own or you could certainly use one of the ones that I mentioned. So this is a distancing metaphor.
Gwenevere Abriel: Very commonly used. One is, I'm in distress. I don't want to be thinking about this anymore. I'm angry and resentful I'm offended. I don't want to be offended. I'm here on the riverbank with Dolly Parton
Gwenevere Abriel: Watcher.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. Right. And detective stabler I'm here on Riverside grounded here and what I see is down the river this leaf and it is my resentment and I watch it as I stayed here feeling what it's like to be here with my team and I see it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can I see it, it's moved so far away. I can't even see it anymore.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, I put it in. I write it on a balloon I tie it and it has helium and I watched it drift away or put it in a space of rocket ship. And it takes off like
Samantha Scott: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or it's so fast it's on a shooting star.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, please.
Samantha Scott: Yeah, because it's like it just seems more natural, like that you would be standing there and
You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: A leaf on a river River.
Gwenevere Abriel: And kind of body water is it
Samantha Scott: Yeah, like a, it's a
Samantha Scott: Cotton with leaf in the boss K or something.
Samantha Scott: That's like the closest like water to my house so
Gwenevere Abriel: We got cotton Woodley
Yeah.
Samantha Scott: boschi is what they call forest here. It's a Bo as qu e i think something like that like Spanish for forest maybe or something.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's boss gay
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay so Cottonwood leave floating in the boss gay
Yeah.
Samantha Scott: Visual
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I'm me show you. So you get a visual of what I'm doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Idea, these, these right here will remain in my notes. They will follow us in our work together, which means that I can pull them up if you forget I can pull them up. I can interweave them when necessary, but they can also evolve and I want to keep saying that just because we said it.
Samantha Scott: Right, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: You may know that
Samantha Scott: I might be a different person and some point later. And I want to have a different person with me right
Samantha Scott: So although this seems like a great team right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm just saying I kind of want your team.
Gwenevere Abriel: To I might. I might borrow it on this weekend.
Gwenevere Abriel: I borrow a lot of people's
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, why not you guys don't know what do you know
Exactly.
Gwenevere Abriel: I like the one I got one that's like, yes, Tony Stark, Tony.
Samantha Scott: That that's a good one. That is a good one.
Samantha Scott: Because he's so charismatic and he's just such a Robert Downey Jr, like all the things he's come over. He's such a rock star, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: And he's not hard to look at either
Samantha Scott: Know exactly
Samantha Scott: It doesn't hurt.
Gwenevere Abriel: Her okay so nobody ever asked me, but mindset. I don't know who the actress from from Outlander is to Fraser
Samantha Scott: The fellow. Yeah, yeah.
Samantha Scott: Oh, yeah, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: He's all of it for me.
Samantha Scott: You know, my friend keeps telling me about Outlander. Like, literally. He's like, you've got to watch that show. I never have. Maybe I should
Gwenevere Abriel: Do. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll definitely consumed by. Okay, moving on. So now I'm going to show you something. Now I want to develop. I'm going to save the anchor room because it's a really
Gwenevere Abriel: in it of itself, it's a very powerful intervention and it can take quite a bit of time, we may get to it. We may not. But right now I want to start to fill out even three or two, or if we only get one that's fine. But I want to start to to fill in.
Gwenevere Abriel: What I call this a thermometer. It's a it sounds sort of like a robot, but it's the subjective unit of distress. So I want to get an idea when I'm talking with you this story. You say,
Gwenevere Abriel: And the emotion, the somatic response, the negative thought content and a number. And so I want to hear this snapshot in time. And I'm going to give it a number
Gwenevere Abriel: Bell house. So I would like to do that with you. And right now I want to find your 50 now 50 from zero to 100 now zero is chill relaxed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right 100 has to be super angry or super scared. Those are our fight, flight now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of course people there is the negative 100 it's zero to negative 100 which means some of their trauma is in a dissociative state. So whenever trauma their big traumas, where there was a an immobilization
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. Some people relaxation is not automatically a wonderful thing. I think I've got a little bit to that. So I just want you to know that there's that too. So if you say me. No, no, this is a freeze. I'm starting to like space out right now. I got my first clue.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, okay. So you have the whole range you but I just, most, most people, they're going to his anger or fear.
Samantha Scott: Right, I tend to disassociate. So I think that it will be one to one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or zero to 102. Now I want you to go just in your imagination. You don't have to say it out loud. I want you to go
Gwenevere Abriel: Pop. Don't say it out loud. Just go in your worst imagination, the hundred would be, or was
Gwenevere Abriel: And drop it on not going to tell when that when I'm going to drop it down to what would 50 feel like in my body that's. There's just enough discomfort, let's say, or distress to have a meaningful story.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we can you are still, you still have access to all of your brain, which means you could still
Samantha Scott: Ride. Thanks. Right, right.
Samantha Scott: Okay, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me the story just a little
Samantha Scott: So I'm thankful. First, I'm thinking of 100 hundred
Samantha Scott: Be like
Samantha Scott: Yeah, that
Samantha Scott: I'm 50 would be a lie.
Samantha Scott: I would say 50 would be getting laid off for the second time.
Samantha Scott: Was that
Samantha Scott: Yeah, I mean why I'd already been laid off like a couple years ago because of cost cutting and then when the came along. I was laid off again. But this time I was laid off with almost the whole rest of the staff.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Samantha Scott: But I didn't feel very upset about it, honestly.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's, we're going to remember it might look so we're going to go with that. Just go with that we go we're going to play it all the way through. So we're
Gwenevere Abriel: Able to were laid off for the second time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. What is the predominant emotion.
Samantha Scott: Fear of not having money. I mean, that's like the number one thing with a job, fear of not having money.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the fear is not having money so the thought is
Gwenevere Abriel: So watch. I'm going to pull apart thought and belief now, so you have the thought, oh dear, I might not have money. And, of course, that causes fear.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to go a little layer underneath that. And I want to go to the belief about the self. This one takes time. Don't rush to it. Don't think you're supposed to get it right away. Okay.
Samantha Scott: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: It just be gentle you rule them out. So maybe it's this one. You can even say it out loud. And I'll say, Okay, keep going. Let's find it. So here we go sit with oh no I might not have enough money.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to see what the belief about yourself is
Gwenevere Abriel: And you'll know it by finishing the sentence, I am
Gwenevere Abriel: I believe a mountain myself to be I am
Samantha Scott: I am unable to take care of myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't take care of myself.
Samantha Scott: I can't take care of my dogs.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's keep going. One more underneath that, what does that say about you. I'm what
Samantha Scott: I'm not a I'm
Samantha Scott: Irresponsible
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, stay there. Is there anything underneath that
Samantha Scott: I'm not good enough.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think you got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the one that's typically one of those heavy hitters like that.
Samantha Scott: It seems to be a big one for me not good enough.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it gets fed by
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh dear, will be so awful. If I don't have money.
Samantha Scott: Also identity, you know, I mean, you have your job is like your prayer. If you like it, you call it your career and you it's part of your identity. I did like edit and loving and I think there is a certain sadness. That's going to be difficult to get another job like that.
Samantha Scott: But there were so many bad things about that place to
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, let me almost
Gwenevere Abriel: There's something there that may be iron
Gwenevere Abriel: Me, try this on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go back to the thought, oh no, I don't have money to feed my dogs and pay my bills.
Samantha Scott: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to tell me what's your identity. What, what do you believe yourself to be in that moment.
Samantha Scott: A loser.
Samantha Scott: I don't want to think that I think that, but I think that
Gwenevere Abriel: You. That's another core one really core you found one you didn't take you about a second to get there. OK, now let's go to a happier place for a split second. That's uncomfortable.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, let's go to
Gwenevere Abriel: The positive cognition, what would be nice and convenient if you thought about yourself in a positive way. What would the I Am be no matter what you were Dolly Parton you were I'm always in what am I always thinking if I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Smiling
Samantha Scott: I'm smiling. I'm good enough.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, there we go. I'm good enough fun and that's it.
Samantha Scott: I'm like this. The I sold that you know from Saturday Night Live. But, you know, smart enough and gosh darn it, people like me.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's actually a lot easier said than done, but it's a hard thing to get to know. Yeah, to actually believe that. Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, let me check in. Now you're going to hear different scales. Just listen to the new one. There's lots of different skills, it's intentional. So how true is it today from one to 717 the penultimate of I'm good enough. How true is it today. I'm good enough.
Samantha Scott: Today, it feels really good like five or six
Samantha Scott: Right now.
Samantha Scott: Right now. Yeah, let's say 5.5
Gwenevere Abriel: On a scale of
Samantha Scott: One a scorecard.
Samantha Scott: One to seven. Okay. Right. I was thinking
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. You're good, you're good, you're good. Let me
Gwenevere Abriel: Rewind because like I got telemedicine issues. Let me just check in. Let me go, nice and slow. The scale was 1277 is the highest is 5.5 still a good number.
Samantha Scott: Let's say five
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay so new scale. Here comes a new scale for new cognition. Let's rewind to that that uncomfortable when I'm using the word uncomfortable. You didn't say that. So let's go to the negative cognition of I'm not good enough. I'm a loser from one to 10 How true is that today.
Samantha Scott: Three.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I got your passion.
Samantha Scott: Right right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: So trying on
Gwenevere Abriel: That feeling of fear around. I'm not good enough and the truth at a three.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where do you feel that truth in your body. I'm not good enough. I might not have the money to pay for things. I can't take
Samantha Scott: pit of my stomach.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: 15 minutes
Gwenevere Abriel: Over here, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go back to, so feel those things. So we'll do all the pieces will go
Gwenevere Abriel: Gosh, I'm not gonna have enough money. That's what this means. Look, I look I'm laid off. Oh, I won't be able to pay this. Oh, I, I feel it in the pit of my stomach. I'm not good enough. Right. A little bit of it. Um, and
Gwenevere Abriel: Go back in time. Now, Bridget to the earliest time in your life that you had that pit in your stomach. How old is that pit.
Samantha Scott: I don't know exactly. But gone like kid like
Samantha Scott: You know,
Samantha Scott: Definitely before I was like five or six
Gwenevere Abriel: Before he
Samantha Scott: Bumped before like probably five
Gwenevere Abriel: But for
Samantha Scott: Like I mean I'll anything
Samantha Scott: Like okay, opened up the thing I remember the thing that's coming to mind is opening up the refrigerator. My dad would say good to get some more to eat good
Gwenevere Abriel: Goodness.
Samantha Scott: And I was kind of pudgy I really like to like eat biscuits with like syrup and butter mash up together.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Samantha Scott: You know, no.
Samantha Scott: Bounds on it was good but not every day. Um, but yeah like that really hurt. I actually stopped eating sort of in high school to try to get really skinny, but I never got really skinny.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: How are you, how's the gut right now.
Samantha Scott: Right now, it's okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Samantha Scott: So I don't feel that I'm not there, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Some distance between that that memory. So how stressed, are you, what is your son, your subjective unit of distress right now around when you pull up into your working awareness.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you going to get some more to eat good
Samantha Scott: How does it feel, how does it like that, like, now how does it feel
Yeah.
Samantha Scott: I'm
Samantha Scott: On a scale or just an award.
Gwenevere Abriel: All of it I want I'm interested in. I gotta I'm going to place it on this scale the prompter. I'm also
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm also
Samantha Scott: There was one to seven or one to 10
Gwenevere Abriel: This one's. This one's actually on the one to the zero to 100 I'm trying to play.
Samantha Scott: Zero to 100
Samantha Scott: Okay, I'm
Samantha Scott: Right now feeling that it's like maybe a 25 or 30
Samantha Scott: And it's a pissed off.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And do you know what the belief about yourself was then so get back into that memory, what did you believe I am what
At
Samantha Scott: unlovable.
Samantha Scott: Stupid. Although I never knew that one, but it just, I knew I wasn't stupid, but it's just something. It's one of those words, you say to yourself, you know, I know you're so stupid.
Gwenevere Abriel: So did you say at and then unlovable, and then stupid.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Okay. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which one seems about to that again that feeling.
Samantha Scott: Which one feels the most intense
Gwenevere Abriel: Which I'm kind of seems like it really captures the core belief about yourself. I am when he said that and you heard it your intention was to go eat something yummy.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you were being spontaneous and just a little girl, it's so yummy. And you know how to do. Okay. You know how to go get it and you are going to go get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right and the shock.
Samantha Scott: I guess I'm lovable out of those three um
Samantha Scott: But stupid feels right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, stupid, let's leave it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just want to kind of take this and also attach it to this is the bridge memory.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or you're just kicking butt to an all these cool things. This is going to move us along like so quickly. That's great.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm glad we met.
Samantha Scott: This is a fun. This is like I've never had a therapy sessions like this. So this is really fun.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah, you're gonna, I think you're gonna like the anchor room to so we can kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: We can start this one just a tiny bit. I'll just get maybe the first ones we've got just a second here.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can start dilemma we can start to figure out the stuck spot. So let me just educate first and tell you what the destination is with an anchor room.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, it's your happy place. That's definitely going to be a but it's more than just a happy place this anchor room never existed. It just, it's going to be from your imagination is going to be all of your unmet needs will be met in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sounds awesome
Samantha Scott: It's like it's gonna be like my Pinterest want board like all
Gwenevere Abriel: Totally. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: It is
Samantha Scott: And salt lamps everywhere.
Gwenevere Abriel: Awesome. So, so, in and of itself and development of it. Like I said, can take many sessions and all sort of depends on on flow. There's no way. And I'll repeat this several times, no way you can do this wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can screw up, and I may, but you can't possibly do it wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your next response is the right response. There's no way for you to get it wrong. You cannot miss step. Okay.
Okay.
Samantha Scott: I believe you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have good. So first let's let's see what a dilemma is so Sam when you kind of look at where you are in your life and you've been trying to hammer away at solving something
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, sort of a psycho biological stuff. Um, where are you stuck where you feeling like unblocked around something
Samantha Scott: I mean,
Samantha Scott: I mean, I guess I'm not feeling blocked right now. I mean, I know I must be somewhere. Um, but, like maybe what's hardest for me. I mean, the hardest thing right now is my mom. She keeps texting my husband.
Samantha Scott: Sending in pictures of her with her grandkids and Stephens, like I said you can block her. But he, I don't know if he did or not so
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's give let's find words I have some I have ready in case you can't find some you like
Gwenevere Abriel: That behavior ongoing she keeps doing that. What do we call that
Samantha Scott: Ross moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's do it. So blocked around mom's harassment.
Gwenevere Abriel: And again, you can always change it if you don't like it anymore. And later on. Okay. All right, now it's your body and make sure that that's true. So go in
Gwenevere Abriel: This room is pretty important. So our starting point can be quite useful. If we have a really, really core starting point just touch in and see
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I sure know how to do all of these things. I know how to handle these things, but I just am so blocked around my mom's harassment, check your body and see if it lands somewhere that resonates. Yep. That's true.
Samantha Scott: Yeah.
Samantha Scott: Word here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where you pointing
Samantha Scott: Those are key.
Samantha Scott: There.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah. Okay. Yep. Okay. And that's right. That's our intuition or gut feeling. And indeed, it's summer, right, the kind of high
Gwenevere Abriel: Low belly button.
Samantha Scott: Right. Yeah, like rib cage.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Yeah. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to tell you a little bit more about this space and then we'll bring today to a close, so
Gwenevere Abriel: What we're going to do is I'm going to kind of talk about it. We're not going to do more of it, but I've talked about it. So we're really ready. Next time we want to do this so
Gwenevere Abriel: Basically the structure of it is this I will be asking you to remember three things. So it's not a lot of memory. It's largely right brain fancy. It's magic. It's
Gwenevere Abriel: All right brain imagination stuff, you will be tempted, because you're human to force memory, you're going to say. But it was pink. It was pink. Of course it's paint. Well, okay, it was
Samantha Scott: But should it be
Gwenevere Abriel: And it won't be should I'll never say it.
Gwenevere Abriel: It'll be what
Samantha Scott: What do you want, would it be
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you, it'll be
Gwenevere Abriel: It'll be, what, what do you want it to be right now. Oh, it's this right now, right now, right now, right now, right now, right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: While you're sitting with that. So, you know, this need, right. So you're going to hear some of that, like, was that that's how you remember it. But now, then retune in and get in touch with what you really want.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so there's going to be three pieces of me there's so few it's be like, How can so it's it'll be, how old are you, we've already used to that. I do that a lot. So you kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: Want. Okay, well, how old is that, and then there's another one which is what was your nickname. And then the third one I won't do until you're already in the room. Okay. We've already cultivated this room and that sort of this larger clinical piece.
Gwenevere Abriel: But
Gwenevere Abriel: It's
Gwenevere Abriel: I won't ask it until it looks like that room is just right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Samantha Scott: Okay, totally setup.
Samantha Scott: Yeah, okay.
Samantha Scott: Cool. But the first two are how old and Nick.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so there's not going to be big. It's not going to be pulling from memory.
Samantha Scott: about setting up the room than it is about
Samantha Scott: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's take a minute and just reflect back and maybe maybe go into where to you maybe do the
Gwenevere Abriel: Do the opposite of what you think you should tell me just see if you can find that one a non Southern thing the non people pleasing thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just to step outside your comfort zone. I don't know that I've ever asked anyone that question before, but just why don't you just see if you can find it. Find that find that toggle with this is the time for reflection and I look back and I share it was important to me, but
Gwenevere Abriel: I have this compulsion that have this longing to want to say something else you know that's maybe not the good girl thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you can at least find it.
Samantha Scott: Anything or
Gwenevere Abriel: We'll just find it at least
Samantha Scott: Like you
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, oh, that's not very southern that's not very nice to say
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, about what
Samantha Scott: No, you're wrong.
Samantha Scott: That's a hard one.
Samantha Scott: For me,
Gwenevere Abriel: That's fantastic.
Samantha Scott: Easier on on what I'm typing but in real life. It's really
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. So try it on for just a second and see how it feels. So, so, look me in the eye and just say right hands on the hip. The whole defiant girl. Woman You're wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're wrong, or you got a bobble
Samantha Scott: You are all
Samantha Scott: Really doesn't feel comfortable
Gwenevere Abriel: But right I can do it.
Samantha Scott: If it's necessary. That's a good skill to have.
Samantha Scott: And I would like to be able to because like there's sometimes when you need to fight for things, you know, and I would like to be able to fight for things when I need to fight for things
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, and you have
Gwenevere Abriel: You have certain person in your life. It makes those calls. Don't you
Yeah.
Samantha Scott: So I am. Ah, yeah. Well, I mean, and I appreciate the fact that my husband does most of the beaching and all that stuff because he's like, way better than, than I am. He gets better results. He stays calm.
Samantha Scott: I'm but I would like to be, I would like to feel like it's alright for me to get pissed off about something or how somebody treats me and hold on to it and say,
Samantha Scott: You know, yeah. That's bullshit. You know, rather than like getting to a point where it's like, whoa, they were loving all our time and you know I think that probably would be a good goal for me, actually.
Something to
Gwenevere Abriel: The treatment plan at some point.
Samantha Scott: Where I'm like really expressing my my feelings about something to somebody and not just saying what I think they want to hear need digger. That's very hard for
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice in. So the, the, we're going to bring it to a close. After this after hear from you is I'm just pay attention to what I invited. What I invited was just just tuned into
Gwenevere Abriel: Just like
Gwenevere Abriel: That energy of, oh, I know I shouldn't say this in here today. I can't tell this woman, she's wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, like that was that was there today and not said certainly didn't say that organically. I sort of pulled it out of you, but not organically. So just, just notice that the you may have had some
Gwenevere Abriel: You may have had
Gwenevere Abriel: Your off the mark when you're not quite spot on for me here or off the mark.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you find yourself having that experience. You can either say it. You can acknowledge it, you can do whatever you want with it. I mean, definitely. I want to tell you there's permission to do it because it it's a waste of your time. If I'm off the mark and we're not at least addressing
Samantha Scott: No, I wasn't. I thought you just wanted me to say something that was uncomfortable. Okay, good. I just didn't want you to think that I was actually saying that to you.
Because, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you just made my point. I don't want you to see it. I thought that you just right.
Samantha Scott: You already asked me to do it. Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: But even that is uncomfortable, like you had to fix it. Just now. So that's what I'm trying to get out is
Gwenevere Abriel: If the layer of people pleasing the heart is so entrenched, you might rob yourself of the defiance of the pushback.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where you get to practice that a little bit in here. Um, I mean you can't threaten my life and things like that. Otherwise, I've got it you know will be a problem. But you get my point like
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Samantha Scott: That is a safe space to practice and express these things that I'm not comfortable doing in my life right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: And as a role model that and then I got a bounce would be something like this. Like when
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not the right word for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: That doesn't, it doesn't land right
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, it's
Gwenevere Abriel: His plate and then you get to watch and see just the world fall apart. Do I manipulate you. Do I extort emotional flesh from you. What do I do
Gwenevere Abriel: And you get to see in real time, that there's room for
Gwenevere Abriel: Even misjudging overreacting.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, there's all this room that you know you weren't giving others all this space.
Samantha Scott: Right. Well, I mean, and like my mom. I mean, obviously that's on the president my mind. It's like if I said something like that to her at is basically what I said to her,
Samantha Scott: What was the worst that happened.
Samantha Scott: You know, so yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Actually the boat. Yes. So let's get going.
Samantha Scott: Now, I think we're on the same track like in terms of where I'm
Samantha Scott: Want to
Samantha Scott: Burst out whatever
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, yeah, I'm so thrilled. We got to meet on the fly like that.
Samantha Scott: Yeah, that was cool. I'm glad I didn't miss it a warm. I was like, oh god.
Gwenevere Abriel: To do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not the only one that I've done that too. I should start it with
Samantha Scott: You didn't miss an appointment.
Gwenevere Abriel: But offering a last minute, you didn't miss any point, I should do that. The same way when when with kids when there's a call from the school, they start with
Gwenevere Abriel: Your, your, your, your son daughters. Okay, literally, I'm not kidding, like they don't even say hi. They say, so you son and daughters. Okay.
Samantha Scott: But
Samantha Scott: I must be a very terrifying thing to hear that. First, second,
Gwenevere Abriel: If you see the phone number ringing and we know yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Samantha Scott: Well, thank you so much. I think this really helps me and it gives me a good point to go into the weekend from I was already feeling really good now I feel even better and more empowered to go
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm looking at my book and
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm trying to see what we schedule because
Samantha Scott: I thought we scheduled. It was like 10am on the
Samantha Scott: Fifth, let me find it in my book I was. It was like the 15th or the 16th.
Samantha Scott: But let me find it.
Samantha Scott: I gotta get this notebook organized. Oh, here is what is it Wednesday at 10. No, that's what
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't see anything.
Samantha Scott: No we scheduled
Gwenevere Abriel: It was that may so may 14 that
Samantha Scott: 110 110. Okay, got it. That's a Thursday, right, yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Samantha Scott: What's up,
Gwenevere Abriel: On Tuesday.
Samantha Scott: Yeah, Tuesday at noon.
Samantha Scott: Alright, cool.
Samantha Scott: You say good
Gwenevere Abriel: One. I'll see you next Tuesday.
Samantha Scott: Yeah, right on. Thank you. Gwen. Bye.